Pages known issues (#3008)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/pages/src/content/platform/known-issues.md

- For users migrating from Netlify, Cloudflare does not support Netlify's Forms and Serverless Functions features.
- It is currently not possible to add a custom domain with a wildcard, for example, `*.domain.com`.
- Cloudflare Pages is not supported with Cloudflare Apps; you may see a `1014` error if you use both in a deployment.

> - Cloudflare's Load Balancer will not work on your `*.pages.dev` project because it will serve a Error 1000: DNS points to prohibited IP.
> - You cannot add your GitHub or GitLab account to more than one Cloudflare account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Cloudflare's Load Balancer does not work with `*.pages.dev` projects; an `Error 1000: DNS points to prohibited IP` will appear.
- A GitHub or GitLab account cannot be attached to more than one Cloudflare account.
```
